<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [view][1]
    -   [LoginLanding][2]
    -   [Surveys][3]
    -   [Cdn][4]
    -   [Login][5]
    -   [Home][6]
    -   [Dashboard][7]
    -   [Survey][8]
    -   [FlowchartEditor][9]
    -   [Landingpage][10]
-   [component][11]
    -   [CDN][12]
        -   [ServiceableFilePicker][13]
            -   [Properties][14]
        -   [ServiceableTable][15]
            -   [Properties][16]
        -   [ServiceableTopbar][17]
            -   [Properties][18]
    -   [Dashboard][19]
        -   [Reports][20]
        -   [RecommendedSurveys][21]
        -   [AllSurveys][22]
        -   [LatestSurveys][23]
        -   [LatestReports][24]
        -   [IncompleteSurveys][25]
    -   [Landingpage][26]
        -   [WhatWeDo][27]
        -   [WhyThisSite][28]
            -   [Properties][29]
        -   [HowWeDoIt][30]
            -   [Properties][31]
    -   [Login][32]
        -   [LoginNavbar][33]
        -   [Logo][34]
        -   [LoginForm][35]
            -   [Properties][36]
    -   [Core][37]
        -   [View][38]
        -   [Footer][39]
        -   [Drawer][40]
        -   [Toolbar][41]
    -   [Material][42]
        -   [Notification][43]
            -   [Properties][44]
        -   [QuestionCard][45]
            -   [Properties][46]
        -   [ChartCard][47]
            -   [Properties][48]
        -   [RoundCard][49]
            -   [Properties][50]
        -   [ImageCard][51]
            -   [Properties][52]
        -   [ListCard][53]
            -   [Properties][54]
        -   [Card][55]
            -   [Properties][56]
        -   [StatsCard][57]
            -   [Properties][58]
    -   [Survey][59]
        -   [Info][60]
        -   [ImplicationList][61]
        -   [SurveyInformation][62]
        -   [Progress][63]
        -   [EndPage][64]
        -   [MultipleChoice][65]
        -   [Question][66]
    -   [FlowchartForm][67]
        -   [GenericView][68]
        -   [ModuleFunctions][69]
        -   [MultipleChoiceFunctions][70]
        -   [NotificationFunctions][71]
        -   [QuestionFunctions][72]
        -   [GeneralFunctions][73]
        -   [EdgeFunctions][74]
        -   [ChoiceFunctions][75]
    -   [Offset][76]
        -   [Parameters][77]
    -   [Animatedbackground][78]
        -   [Properties][79]
-   [plugin][80]
    -   [notification][81]
        -   [showNotification][82]
            -   [Parameters][83]
    -   [theme][84]
    -   [pdfreporter][85]
        -   [generateDemoPDF][86]
    -   [flowchartEditor][87]
        -   [startEditor][88]
        -   [setActiveFormatBarmethod][89]
        -   [theme][90]
        -   [setDialogState][91]
            -   [Parameters][92]
        -   [setActiveFormatBar][93]
            -   [Parameters][94]
        -   [setnewSelectedCell][95]
            -   [Parameters][96]
        -   [setFlowchartState][97]
            -   [Parameters][98]
        -   [getFlowchart][99]
            -   [Parameters][100]
        -   [changeQuestionNode][101]
            -   [Parameters][102]
        -   [genericChangeNode][103]
            -   [Parameters][104]
        -   [changeMultipleChoiceNode][105]
            -   [Parameters][106]
        -   [changeEdge][107]
            -   [Parameters][108]
        -   [data][109]
-   [App][110]
-   [store][111]
    -   [cdn][112]
        -   [getServiceablesDataByName][113]
            -   [Parameters][114]
        -   [getAllData][115]
            -   [Parameters][116]
        -   [getData][117]
            -   [Parameters][118]
        -   [deleteData][119]
            -   [Parameters][120]
        -   [uploadImage][121]
            -   [Parameters][122]
    -   [progress][123]
        -   [fillProgress][124]
            -   [Parameters][125]
        -   [setCurrentQuestion][126]
            -   [Parameters][127]
        -   [fillCurrentQuestionBacklog][128]
            -   [Parameters][129]
        -   [clearCurrentQuestionBacklog][130]
            -   [Parameters][131]
        -   [fillsubQuestionBackLog][132]
            -   [Parameters][133]
        -   [clearSubQuestionBackLog][134]
            -   [Parameters][135]
        -   [setNotification][136]
            -   [Parameters][137]
    -   [answer][138]
        -   [getAnswers][139]
            -   [Parameters][140]
        -   [getAnswerByQuestionID][141]
            -   [Parameters][142]
        -   [answerQuestion][143]
            -   [Parameters][144]
        -   [deleteLastAnswer][145]
            -   [Parameters][146]
    -   [survey][147]
        -   [getFirstQuestionID][148]
            -   [Parameters][149]
        -   [getAllSurveys][150]
            -   [Parameters][151]
        -   [getSurveyByID][152]
            -   [Parameters][153]
    -   [login][154]
        -   [GetloggingIn][155]
            -   [Parameters][156]
        -   [registerUser][157]
            -   [Parameters][158]
        -   [loginUser][159]
            -   [Parameters][160]
        -   [switchForms][161]
            -   [Parameters][162]
    -   [notificationHandler][163]
        -   [addNotification][164]
            -   [Parameters][165]
        -   [clearNotification][166]
            -   [Parameters][167]
    -   [app][168]
        -   [getDrawer][169]
            -   [Parameters][170]
        -   [getBackground][171]
            -   [Parameters][172]
        -   [getNewUser][173]
            -   [Parameters][174]
        -   [getFooterColor][175]
            -   [Parameters][176]
        -   [setDrawer][177]
            -   [Parameters][178]
        -   [setBackground][179]
            -   [Parameters][180]
        -   [setFooterColor][181]
            -   [Parameters][182]
        -   [setNewUser][183]
            -   [Parameters][184]
    -   [flowcharteditor][185]
        -   [setDialog][186]
            -   [Parameters][187]
        -   [setFormatBarType][188]
            -   [Parameters][189]
        -   [setSelectedCell][190]
            -   [Parameters][191]
        -   [getFlowchartByName][192]
            -   [Parameters][193]
        -   [saveFlowchart][194]
            -   [Parameters][195]
-   [router][196]
-   [nodeEnum][197]
-   [implicationEnum][198]

## view

The components are used in Vue views to make up a web page.

### LoginLanding

returns the login landing page, asking the user wether they want to create an account.

### Surveys

Returns the page where new users get offered recommended surveys.

### Cdn

Returns the CDN page, where the user can upload and delete serviceables

### Login

Returns the login page, where the user can login or register

### Home

Is a leftover page from the original template

### Dashboard

Returns the dashboard page where users will go to after logging in.

### Survey

Returns the survey page, where the user can answere questions to fill in a survey.

### FlowchartEditor

Returns the flowchart page, where the user can create and edit flowcharts

### Landingpage

Returns the landing page, the page most users see when the open the website.

## component

The components are used in Vue views to make up a web page.

### CDN

The components used in the CDN view.

#### ServiceableFilePicker

This is a textfield modded to act like a filepicker.

##### Properties

-   `imageName` **[string][199]** name of the image
-   `imageUrl` **[string][199]** Base64 string
-   `imageFile` **[Object][200]** file object

#### ServiceableTable

Returns the table used in the CDN page. displays serviceables

##### Properties

-   `serviceables` **[Array][201]&lt;Serviceable>** the serviceables that are going to be displayed

#### ServiceableTopbar

Returns the top-bar used in the CDN page, this contains a small form with a name field and a filepicker

##### Properties

-   `valid` **[boolean][202]** 
-   `form` **topbarForm** 

### Dashboard

The components used in the Dashboard view.

#### Reports

Marco/Sueño garbage, nobody really knows its purpose.

**Meta**

-   **deprecated**: removed in the next version.


#### RecommendedSurveys

Returns a view containing all of the recommended surveys, these are currently hard-coded.

#### AllSurveys

Returns a view containing all surveys.

#### LatestSurveys

Returns a view containing all of the latest surveys, this is currently all mock data.

#### LatestReports

Returns a view containing all of the latest reports, this is currently all mock data.

#### IncompleteSurveys

Returns a view containing all incomplete surveys, this is currently all mock data.

### Landingpage

The components used in the landingpage view.

#### WhatWeDo

Provides part of the landing page's information.

#### WhyThisSite

Provides part of the landing page's information.

##### Properties

-   `stats` **[String][199]** an image from the cdn

#### HowWeDoIt

Provides part of the landing page's information.

##### Properties

-   `Students` **[String][199]** an image from the cdn.
-   `Startups` **[String][199]** an image from the cdn.
-   `LawFirms` **[String][199]** an image from the cdn.

### Login

The components used in the Login view.

#### LoginNavbar

Returns the Login navbar

#### Logo

Returns the logo used on the login page.

#### LoginForm

Returns the login form.

##### Properties

-   `onclick` **[function][203]** 
-   `callback` **[function][203]** 
-   `name` **[String][199]** 
-   `email` **[Boolean][202]** 
-   `firstname` **[Boolean][202]** 
-   `password` **[Boolean][202]** 
-   `confirmpassword` **[Boolean][202]** 

### Core

The core components.

#### View

Returns the core-view used in the root component

#### Footer

Returns the footer with links to other places.

#### Drawer

Returns the drawer that is used in the dashboard.

#### Toolbar

returns a topbar that contains common things like notifications, accounts, etc

**Meta**

-   **deprecated**: this is no longer used.


### Material

The material design components.

#### Notification

Returns a temporary notification

##### Properties

-   `activated` **[boolean][202]** 

#### QuestionCard

Returns a question card.

##### Properties

-   `text` **[String][199]** 
-   `image` **[String][199]** 
-   `answer` **[Object][200]** 

#### ChartCard

Returns a card that contains a chart.

##### Properties

-   `data` **[Object][200]** 
-   `eventHandlers` **[Array][201]** 
-   `options` **[Object][200]** 
-   `ratio` **[String][199]** 
-   `responsiveOptions` **[Array][201]** 
-   `type` **[String][199]** 

#### RoundCard

Returns a round card.

##### Properties

-   `redirecturl` **[String][199]** 
-   `imagename` **[String][199]** 
-   `text` **[String][199]** 
-   `cardWidth` **[String][199]** 
-   `imageSize` **[String][199]** 
-   `imageWidth` **[String][199]** 
-   `imageHeight` **[String][199]** 
-   `direction` **[String][199]** 

#### ImageCard

Returns a card containing an image

##### Properties

-   `redirecturl` **[String][199]** 
-   `imagename` **[String][199]** 
-   `text` **[String][199]** 
-   `cardWidth` **[String][199]** 
-   `imageSize` **[String][199]** 
-   `imageWidth` **[String][199]** 
-   `imageHeight` **[String][199]** 
-   `direction` **[String][199]** 

#### ListCard

Returns a list cards.

##### Properties

-   `imageWidth` **[String][199]** 
-   `redirecturl` **[String][199]** 
-   `imagename` **[String][199]** 
-   `text` **[String][199]** 
-   `title` **[String][199]** 
-   `description` **[String][199]** 
-   `orientation` **[String][199]** 
-   `progress` **[String][199]** 

#### Card

Returns a material design card to be used in other components

##### Properties

-   `color` **[String][199]** 
-   `elevation` **[Number][204]** 
-   `inline` **[Boolean][202]** 
-   `fullWidth` **[Boolean][202]** 
-   `offset` **[Number][204]** 
-   `title` **[String][199]** 
-   `text` **[String][199]** 
-   `icon` **[String][199]** 

#### StatsCard

Return a card with stats

##### Properties

-   `color` **[String][199]** 
-   `elevation` **[Number][204]** 
-   `inline` **[Boolean][202]** 
-   `fullWidth` **[Boolean][202]** 
-   `offset` **[Number][204]** 
-   `title` **[String][199]** 
-   `text` **[String][199]** 
-   `icon` **[String][199]** 
-   `subIcon` **[String][199]** 
-   `subIconColor` **[String][199]** 
-   `subTextColor` **[String][199]** 
-   `subText` **[String][199]** 
-   `value` **[String][199]** 
-   `smallValue` **[String][199]** 

### Survey

The components used in the Survey view.

#### Info

Returns an 'info' view used in the survey.

#### ImplicationList

Returns a list containing all implications.

#### SurveyInformation

Returns an 'survey information' view used in the survey

#### Progress

Returns an 'progress' view used in the survey.

#### EndPage

Returns an 'endpage' view used after the survey.

#### MultipleChoice

Returns an 'multiplechoice' view used in the survey.

#### Question

Returns an 'question' view used in the survey.

### FlowchartForm

The form used in the flowchart editor.

#### GenericView

Generic flowchart form view.

#### ModuleFunctions

View used for 'Module' cells

#### MultipleChoiceFunctions

View used for 'MultipleChoice' cells.

#### NotificationFunctions

View used for 'Notification' cells.

#### QuestionFunctions

View used for 'Question' cells.

#### GeneralFunctions

View used for general action / no cells.

#### EdgeFunctions

View used for 'Edge' cells.

#### ChoiceFunctions

View used for 'Choice' cells.

### Offset

Provided an offset in a view

#### Parameters

-   `fullWidth` **[boolean][202]** 
-   `offset` **[number][204]** 

### Animatedbackground

returns a nice animated background with moving particles that are connected to each other.
This is used on the landing page.

#### Properties

-   `colorA` **[String][199]** 
-   `colorB` **[String][199]** 
-   `colorC` **[String][199]** 

## plugin

The plugins used in Vue that are called from the components

### notification

Notifiation plugin used to show notifications

#### showNotification

Shows notification, takes in a message to display.
Gets the root app component references and looks for the notification component.
Calls the showNotification function of that component.

##### Parameters

-   `message`  
-   `type`  

### theme

Exports the theme with default colours

### pdfreporter

PdfReporter plugin used to create PDF's and offer them as a download.

#### generateDemoPDF

Creates a demo PDF

### flowchartEditor

The flowchart editor plugin, used in the flowchart editor pages
This script is used for a loose connection between the plugin and Vue.js
It will provide the nescesarry information to the flowcharteditor plugin by looking at the store in the plugin.
So if you want to use the flowcharteditor than this should be a complete configuration for your Vue.js setup.
The advantage this plugin script provides is the ability to modify the looks of the editor's formatbar and

#### startEditor

Starts the flowchart editor, and inits defaults

#### setActiveFormatBarmethod

register to the variable that will change when the variable changes.
When something changes in the store of the flowchart editor 
this function will be called in order to update the Vue store

#### theme

Give the flowchart editor the veutify theme of the linked vue.js project

#### setDialogState

Sets the correct dialogState.
Its used for the import dialog. 
Whenever the import has succeeded and the flowchart plugin is converting the data to a visual flowchart it will close the dialog window by this method.

##### Parameters

-   `val` **dialogState** is a boolean

#### setActiveFormatBar

Function for flowchart plugin callbacks.
Its used to activate the correct formatbar for instance the QuestionNode formatbar.
For clarification the instance is a Vue component.
This method should call a store action that will change a state.

##### Parameters

-   `val` **FormatBarType** 

#### setnewSelectedCell

Sets the new selected cell.
Its used to retrieve cell information to fill the formatbar with.
This method should call a store action that will change a state.

##### Parameters

-   `val` **SelectedCell** a MXGraph cell class

#### setFlowchartState

Sets the new flowchart that has been found by an API call to the back-end
This will start the flowchart importation in the flowchart plugin by the state trigger in the Main.js script

##### Parameters

-   `val` **FlowchartState** is the JSON of a flowchart

#### getFlowchart

Exports the flowchart that has been made by the editor into a JSON format.

##### Parameters

-   `name` **[String][199]** of the flowchart
-   `description` **[String][199]** of the flowchart

#### changeQuestionNode

Changes the selected question nodes data.
This will be called from a QuestionNode Formatbar Vue component

##### Parameters

-   `questionNode` **[String][199]** the value of the selected question cell
-   `question` **[String][199]** the question that will be asked in the survey front-end
-   `reason` **[String][199]** the reason why you ask the question

#### genericChangeNode

Changes the selected node data of a generic node.
For instance a notification node.

##### Parameters

-   `nodeName` **[String][199]** the value of the selected generic cell
-   `name` **[String][199]** the value that will be used in the survey front-end

#### changeMultipleChoiceNode

Changes the selected multi choice node data.

##### Parameters

-   `nodeName` **[String][199]** the value of the selected multichoice cell
-   `title` **[String][199]** the title of the multi choice, this will also be the question asked in the front-end
-   `amountOfChoices` **[Number][204]** the amount of choices this multi choice contains
-   `reason` **[String][199]** the reason why you ask the question
-   `loopSubQuestions` **[Boolean][202]** used in order to loob the same subquestion if there are any.

#### changeEdge

Change the selected edge data

##### Parameters

-   `name` **[String][199]** the value of the selected edge
-   `implication` **[String][199]** the implication of the edge/ answer of questioin
-   `implicationLevel` **[String][199]** the level of the implication (warning, info, etc...)
-   `implicationColor` **[String][199]** the hex color you want to turn the edge into

#### data

This contains some enums that can be used in the Vue project

## App

The root component, all over components get interpolated into this.

## store

The store file is the main script that combines all the submodules into one big store.
From here you can enter the different submodules by using the standard vuex methods (e.g. mapActions)

### cdn

The cdn module contains actions that make API calls to the CDN Service
This sub module is used in the following components:

-   ServiceableTable (getAllData, delete)
-   ServiceableTopbar (uploadImage)

#### getServiceablesDataByName

Returns the specific data with a specific name from the serviceables array

##### Parameters

-   `state`  

#### getAllData

Retrieves all metadata from the CDN service

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
    -   `$0.dispatch`  

#### getData

Retrieves the metadata from a specific ID in the cdn service

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
    -   `$0.dispatch`  
    -   `$0.getters`  
-   `id`  

#### deleteData

Attempts to delete an serviceable from the CDN service

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
    -   `$0.dispatch`  
-   `serviceable`  

#### uploadImage

Attempts to push a new serviceable to the CDN service

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.dispatch`  
-   `$1` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$1.file`  
    -   `$1.name`  
    -   `$1.type`  

### progress

The Progress module contains the progress of the survey 
and the backlog of questions that need to be asked to the user.
It also has some extra states that are node specific (e.g. notification and options)
This submodule is used in the following view:

-   Survey (mapState currentquestion, progress, notification, options
       	   and mapActions fillProgress, setCurrenQuestion, fillCurrentQuestionBacklog, clearSubQuestionBacklog)

#### fillProgress

Calculates the new progress and sets the progress bar

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
    -   `$0.state`  
-   `$1` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$1.addedDepth`  
    -   `$1.survey`  

#### setCurrentQuestion

Sets the current question that the user can answere

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
    -   `$0.state`  
-   `$1` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$1.question`  
    -   `$1.nodes`  

#### fillCurrentQuestionBacklog

Fills the current question backlog

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
    -   `$0.dispatch`  
-   `$1` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$1.firstSubQuestion`  
    -   `$1.backLogQuestion`  
    -   `$1.nodes`  

#### clearCurrentQuestionBacklog

Clears the current question backlog

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  

#### fillsubQuestionBackLog

Fills the sub-question backlog

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
-   `futureSubQuestions`  

#### clearSubQuestionBackLog

Clears the current sub-question backlog

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  

#### setNotification

Sets a new notification

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
-   `notification`  

### answer

The answer module contians all the answers of the survey that has been made
These answers will be used for the PDF generation and can be stored in the questionaire service
This submodule is used in the following views:

-   Survey (mapState all and mapActions deleteLastAnswer, answerQuestion)

#### getAnswers

Retrieves all answeres from the store

##### Parameters

-   `state`  

#### getAnswerByQuestionID

Retrieves a question from the store with a specific ID

##### Parameters

-   `state`  

#### answerQuestion

Pushes an answere to the store. This should also contain the user's entered data.

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
    -   `$0.dispatch`  
-   `$1` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$1.answer`  
    -   `$1.question`  

#### deleteLastAnswer

Removes the last pushed answere from the store.

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  

### survey

The survey module contains the survey that the user wants to make 
and also the first question that needs to be asked because a flowchart can start with a start node 
or something else instead of a question (or multichoice, etc.) node
This submodule is used in the following views/ components:

-   Survey (mapState all and mapGetters getFirstQuestionID and mapActions getSurveyByID)
-   AllSurveys/ IncompleteSurveys/ LatestReports (mapState all, mapActions getAllSurveys)

#### getFirstQuestionID

Gets the first upcoming questionID out of the current state.

##### Parameters

-   `state`  

#### getAllSurveys

Retrieves all available surveys from the server.

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
    -   `$0.dispatch`  

#### getSurveyByID

Retrieves a survey by ID from the server.

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
    -   `$0.dispatch`  
-   `surveyID`  

### login

The login module contains the login/ register API calls to the account service
and contians feedback of these calls and if the user wants to register or login
This submodule is used in the following view:

-   Login (mapState loggingIn, logginrText, alert and MapActions registerUser, loginUser, switchForms)

#### GetloggingIn

Returns the isLogging in boolean which is false if the user is attempting to register.

##### Parameters

-   `state`  

#### registerUser

Attempts to create a new account at the server from the user data

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
    -   `$0.dispatch`  
-   `registerData`  

#### loginUser

Attempts to log the user in based on the entered information.

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
    -   `$0.dispatch`  
-   `loginData`  

#### switchForms

Displays the correct form based on the loggingIn boolean.

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
-   `loggingIn`  

### notificationHandler

The notificationHandler module contains actions that store any notification (error, success, warning) that you want the user to know
and gives any new notifications to the user as a snackbar.
This sub module is used in the following components:

-   cdn.js (addNotification)
-   flowcharteditor.js (addNotification)
-   login.js (addNotification)
-   survey.js (addNotification)
-   answer.js (addNotification) Hoort dit in deze handler of is het beter om dit apart te houden aangezien dit niet bij het systeem hoort maar een bepaalde user zijn survey

#### addNotification

Adds notification to the notifications array and shows it to the user

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
-   `newNotification`  

#### clearNotification

Clears all the notifications from the array

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  

### app

The app module are some standard methods and states that are used for the look of the site
This submodule is used in the following views:

-   CDN (setBackground, setFooterColor)
-   FlowchartEditor (setBackground, setFooterColor)
-   LandingPage (setBackground)
-   Login (setBackground)
-   Survey (setBackground, setFooterColor)
-   Surveys (setBackground)
-   Dashboard (setBackground)

The states are watched by the following views and components

-   App (background and newUser state, also setBackground)
-   Footer (footerColor)
-   Drawer (drawerOpen)

#### getDrawer

Returns the drawer from the state

##### Parameters

-   `state`  

#### getBackground

Returns the background from the state

##### Parameters

-   `state`  

#### getNewUser

Returns the new user from the state

##### Parameters

-   `state`  

#### getFooterColor

Returns the footer colour

##### Parameters

-   `state`  

#### setDrawer

Sets the drawer to the state

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
-   `drawerOpen`  

#### setBackground

Sets the background to the state

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
-   `newBg`  

#### setFooterColor

Sets the footer colour to the state

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
-   `newColor`  

#### setNewUser

Sets the new user to the state

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
-   `newUser`  

### flowcharteditor

The flowcharteditor module contains methods and states used for displaying 
the right UI component (Formatbar) and also saving and import a flowchart from the module service
This submodule is used in the following views:

-   FlowchartEditor (mapState formatBarType)
-   FlowchartForm (mapState dialog, flowchart and mapActions setDialog, getFlowchartByName)
-   GeneralFunction (mapActions saveFlowchart)
-   All the other components (mapState selectedCell, formatBarType)
-   plugins/flowchareditor script (mapActions setDialog, setFormatBarType, setSelectedCell)

The following actions are called from the plugin/flowcharteditor script 
who gets its info from the flowcharteditor store in the libs folder.
We chose to do it this way so that you have a lose connection between the flowcharteditor plugin and Vue.js (like using an interface in Java)
But if you want to seperate the flowchart editor and Vue.js completly you cant use Vuetify to render the formatbar
and you would be forced to generate HTML within js which will get large and messy.
A downside of this design choice is that the library is not completly seperated/SOLID

#### setDialog

Sets the new dialog, attached to the import button.

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
-   `dialogState`  

#### setFormatBarType

Sets the formatbar type

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
-   `newType`  

#### setSelectedCell

sets the new selected cell in the flowchart editor

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
-   `newCell`  

#### getFlowchartByName

This actions returns a flowchart. 
The FlowchartForm view will pass this from the plugins/flowcharteditor to the flowchart editor plugin.

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.commit`  
    -   `$0.dispatch`  
-   `name`  

#### saveFlowchart

Vue.js gets the flowchart JSON from the plugin and make the API call to the module service

##### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][200]** 
    -   `$0.dispatch`  
-   `flowchart`  

## router

The router used to serve the user the correct views
the authentication and admin requirements are also set here per page.

## nodeEnum

The nodeEnum can be used to alter between node format bar types or just to specify a certain node type

## implicationEnum

The implicationEnum can be used to keep track of all the different implications that are avaialble on an edge

[1]: #view

[2]: #loginlanding

[3]: #surveys

[4]: #cdn

[5]: #login

[6]: #home

[7]: #dashboard

[8]: #survey

[9]: #flowcharteditor

[10]: #landingpage

[11]: #component

[12]: #cdn-1

[13]: #serviceablefilepicker

[14]: #properties

[15]: #serviceabletable

[16]: #properties-1

[17]: #serviceabletopbar

[18]: #properties-2

[19]: #dashboard-1

[20]: #reports

[21]: #recommendedsurveys

[22]: #allsurveys

[23]: #latestsurveys

[24]: #latestreports

[25]: #incompletesurveys

[26]: #landingpage-1

[27]: #whatwedo

[28]: #whythissite

[29]: #properties-3

[30]: #howwedoit

[31]: #properties-4

[32]: #login-1

[33]: #loginnavbar

[34]: #logo

[35]: #loginform

[36]: #properties-5

[37]: #core

[38]: #view-1

[39]: #footer

[40]: #drawer

[41]: #toolbar

[42]: #material

[43]: #notification

[44]: #properties-6

[45]: #questioncard

[46]: #properties-7

[47]: #chartcard

[48]: #properties-8

[49]: #roundcard

[50]: #properties-9

[51]: #imagecard

[52]: #properties-10

[53]: #listcard

[54]: #properties-11

[55]: #card

[56]: #properties-12

[57]: #statscard

[58]: #properties-13

[59]: #survey-1

[60]: #info

[61]: #implicationlist

[62]: #surveyinformation

[63]: #progress

[64]: #endpage

[65]: #multiplechoice

[66]: #question

[67]: #flowchartform

[68]: #genericview

[69]: #modulefunctions

[70]: #multiplechoicefunctions

[71]: #notificationfunctions

[72]: #questionfunctions

[73]: #generalfunctions

[74]: #edgefunctions

[75]: #choicefunctions

[76]: #offset

[77]: #parameters

[78]: #animatedbackground

[79]: #properties-14

[80]: #plugin

[81]: #notification-1

[82]: #shownotification

[83]: #parameters-1

[84]: #theme

[85]: #pdfreporter

[86]: #generatedemopdf

[87]: #flowcharteditor-1

[88]: #starteditor

[89]: #setactiveformatbarmethod

[90]: #theme-1

[91]: #setdialogstate

[92]: #parameters-2

[93]: #setactiveformatbar

[94]: #parameters-3

[95]: #setnewselectedcell

[96]: #parameters-4

[97]: #setflowchartstate

[98]: #parameters-5

[99]: #getflowchart

[100]: #parameters-6

[101]: #changequestionnode

[102]: #parameters-7

[103]: #genericchangenode

[104]: #parameters-8

[105]: #changemultiplechoicenode

[106]: #parameters-9

[107]: #changeedge

[108]: #parameters-10

[109]: #data

[110]: #app

[111]: #store

[112]: #cdn-2

[113]: #getserviceablesdatabyname

[114]: #parameters-11

[115]: #getalldata

[116]: #parameters-12

[117]: #getdata

[118]: #parameters-13

[119]: #deletedata

[120]: #parameters-14

[121]: #uploadimage

[122]: #parameters-15

[123]: #progress-1

[124]: #fillprogress

[125]: #parameters-16

[126]: #setcurrentquestion

[127]: #parameters-17

[128]: #fillcurrentquestionbacklog

[129]: #parameters-18

[130]: #clearcurrentquestionbacklog

[131]: #parameters-19

[132]: #fillsubquestionbacklog

[133]: #parameters-20

[134]: #clearsubquestionbacklog

[135]: #parameters-21

[136]: #setnotification

[137]: #parameters-22

[138]: #answer

[139]: #getanswers

[140]: #parameters-23

[141]: #getanswerbyquestionid

[142]: #parameters-24

[143]: #answerquestion

[144]: #parameters-25

[145]: #deletelastanswer

[146]: #parameters-26

[147]: #survey-2

[148]: #getfirstquestionid

[149]: #parameters-27

[150]: #getallsurveys

[151]: #parameters-28

[152]: #getsurveybyid

[153]: #parameters-29

[154]: #login-2

[155]: #getloggingin

[156]: #parameters-30

[157]: #registeruser

[158]: #parameters-31

[159]: #loginuser

[160]: #parameters-32

[161]: #switchforms

[162]: #parameters-33

[163]: #notificationhandler

[164]: #addnotification

[165]: #parameters-34

[166]: #clearnotification

[167]: #parameters-35

[168]: #app-1

[169]: #getdrawer

[170]: #parameters-36

[171]: #getbackground

[172]: #parameters-37

[173]: #getnewuser

[174]: #parameters-38

[175]: #getfootercolor

[176]: #parameters-39

[177]: #setdrawer

[178]: #parameters-40

[179]: #setbackground

[180]: #parameters-41

[181]: #setfootercolor

[182]: #parameters-42

[183]: #setnewuser

[184]: #parameters-43

[185]: #flowcharteditor-2

[186]: #setdialog

[187]: #parameters-44

[188]: #setformatbartype

[189]: #parameters-45

[190]: #setselectedcell

[191]: #parameters-46

[192]: #getflowchartbyname

[193]: #parameters-47

[194]: #saveflowchart

[195]: #parameters-48

[196]: #router

[197]: #nodeenum

[198]: #implicationenum

[199]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[200]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[201]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[202]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[203]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[204]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
